with the Dragon Knight bad maybe the
plan from c9 is instead of getting lots
of pickoffs it's going to be up to a
tower lay down some marches get a little
bit of chip and go from there though
towered it's not a huge deal which
assassin talk as always does have that
commence phase three jen and i say sighs
maybe touch too far here is going to get
lasered down in the midst of the month
the final seconds of vendetta there we
will top lane fateh with this bloke
decorative ultimately looking for this
killing black but they've got the flake
on 17 the lasso and down the Weaver goes
pretty building up a lot of momentum do
have super trying to pick up a tower
down a bottom line TP and Ferb 17 but he
gets immediately carapace done by ice i
sized into the spooky spooky ghosts and
will be killed off the tower the smokes
going to come out but I don't know if
you get me can I should take this much
can they get to be able to he runs in a
little bit for the school I'm for now
phone zipping with the couch initiation
of the lasso with a nature bruschetta
bottom before he gets up as all food
before the gym fades couple more right
clicks looks like the doom will took him
out so vici gaming already sustaining
heavy casualties two down double kill
for bone seven still flying around the
edges of this fight and they didn't even
get the kill on saunas super bottling up
to help it looks like envy is going to
be topping off father not going to be a
kill here bata whoever with the rank to
primal split ready to go ice ice ice
vending out looking for something to the
center where it's going to be dropped
immediately Isis
what's going on but the final split
already dropped out does Ben system of
to the
instead they will drop the chain frost
as the fight continues elliptic Isis
I've also had some trouble boats and
it's time to lasso off to the side but
we'll keep our eyes turn the ice outside
feels like he's going to be okay they
should isolate FY which one with that
lasso spin up into the air on black
leather stung going out from ice ice ice
but found it going apocalyptic
guaranteed is great off them foi still
being pretty intent on farm and OC nine
or slowly but surely closing the noose
supers gonna be spotted out there is an
immediate yield on Simone 70 lat so this
time around he will be able to force
death himself a bit further away
carapace dumb dumb enough to keep it in
position I wanted Uman to an illusion
Fatih is gonna go straight in here still
active all the time ready for super
throws it out the cyclone up onto the
Weaver they're just picking them off one
by one drops into the earth they don't
get the track off there is a dunkin envy
however is only three alive with the t9
are going BASE diving black almost
brought down will be finished by the
soul assumption AE lines and with them
and you're not long for this world
triple kill for fateh we do about him
aside from throwing a doom which if
you're dooming a BKB brewmaster then
you're probably not winning the fight
because of bone 7 and eternal NV jump in
from phone 7 looking towards super
dinnertime envies coming in there's what
they gone and with the death prophet
already dead vici gaming are going to
add the turn tail and run I sighs sighs
isolated on the side but it's also a
splint off the FY so c9 will be able to
head in towards the next target FY does
pick up a blink and dooms up a turtle
envy but the track mu speed is going to
keep him safe super returning to this
fight with the exorcism look sword spot
that was blinks away t9 stain group done
getting more track kills super returning
to this fight post he's going to die a
second time is good mules themselves not
going to matter nice familiar drops 8th
of a UI triple kill from the visage time
lapse away from black as the GG comes
out
for Game one of the series as eternal
NDP members at home with a final day
comes at thank you guys for watching
actually don't let's let's do final
thoughts actually did you gaming just do
is I think it was just too greedy I mean
very nicely played to prevent them from
ever getting off a gank very nicely done
by c9 in controlling the pace of the
entire map but i think the draft from FY
a little bit too greedy didn't have any
impact out of the Weaver or